# Sentimental-Analysis-of-consumer-complaints-in-the-financial-industrty
This study seeks to understand the complaints made by customers of financial industry in their service delivery. Towards this end, we explored customer complaints received by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection about financial products and services from 2012-2016. The initial dataset retrieved has a total of 836,979 records. The data set was sourced from data.world. An initial description of dataset was made, highlighting the main variables and their contribution to the overall goal of the project. We further made text mining analysis to derive meaning and value to businesses. The result of this investigation or study will be relevant for bank users, banks, and financial regulatory bodies, including the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. 

This study will go through the content of the complaints made by customers, the type of financial products the customers made complaints about, the kind of response made the company, information on whether customers disputed, among other important variables. The end goal of this is to find out the major themes of complaints made by customer and the major type of product customers make complaints about. This will help firms strengthen their customer services to meet the expectations of customers in the areas that are talked about often and how to better position their products to meet customer expectations. Towards this end, text mining will be done. Descriptive analysis will be conductive to reach the results on the most types of complaints made by customers of financial institution. 
	This study extends current research on the significance of enhancing customer service, especially in the financial industry.

 Link to file: https://data.world/cfpb/consumer-complaints
